OSDOCS-17332 JobSet Operator CQA (#103579)
openshift/openshift-docs: ai_workloads/jobset_operator/index.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the {js-operator} on {product-title} to easily manage and run large-scale, coordinated workloads like high-performance computing (HPC) and AI training. The {js-operator} can help you gain fast recovery and efficient resource use through features like multi-template job support and stable networking.

Reviewer: This is a touch long for a shortdesc, and uses "easily", which we are discouraged from in tech docs. WDYT about this little tweak?

```suggestion
Use the {js-operator} on {product-title} to manage and run large-scale, coordinated workloads like high-performance computing (HPC) and AI training. Features like multi-template job support and stable networking can help you recover quickly and use resources efficiently.
```
